# Mobile Engineering: Process and Issues

Mobile devices have recently emerged as a new and powerful platform that allows users to do everything from update their Facebook status, to purchasing stocks. However, it is important to remember that apps are very much like any other software project. They still must be created on time, on budget, and at a high level of quality to be considered a success for its creators. Additionally, mobile software is not immune to many of the issues that plague conventional software, including defects and security vulnerabilities. One of the primary advantages of mobile software is that very often, simple apps, which are quickly created by a single developer, may become very popular. However, this is also a potential drawback since this lack of process and potential development experience can lead to very profound issues from a variety of areas, including quality, security, and maintenance. In order to better understand apps and repair their deficiencies, it is important to understand how they are created from a process perspective.

This week, students will explore current trends in mobile software engineering. They will be expected to address the following: a) understand the current state of mobile software engineering; and b) critically analyze potential future trends on mobile software engineering. Students should read the assigned week’s topics and understand some of the current trends in mobile engineering. Then, students will write a critical review of the assigned readings and formulate and defend a stance on future trends of mobile software development. Students will read about mobile engineering trends.

Be sure to review this week's resources carefully. You are expected to apply the information from these resources when you prepare your assignments.
